Erling Haaland’s second-half penalty earned City a hard-fought 1-0 victory at Crystal Palace on Saturday.

City started excellently in the driving rain in South London with a Rodrigo volley forcing Vicente Guaita into his first save of the day just two minutes in.

Jack Grealish was inches away from an opener just a minute later with a low shot from 20 yards after a mazy run beyond Nathaniel Clyne.

Our hosts found a footing in the game and had their first chance of the night when Michael Olise fed Wilfried Zaha in the box. The winger shifted the ball onto his left and got a shot away but Manuel Akanji got in the way with an impressive block.

As ever, City dominated possession throughout the first half but found our ability to create chances heavily restricted by a determined Palace side.

That was until Nathan Ake wandered into the opposition area and squared for Erling Haaland. However, the Norwegian could only divert the chance over the bar.

Haaland was at the center of things again a few moments later, hammering a cross that was parried away by Guaita before following up and seeing his deflection fly past the post.

Another period of City domination followed in the lead-up to the break without Pep Guardiola’s men finding the breakthrough.

The second half started as the first had finished – with City in complete ascendancy. Our first major opening came when Grealish was fouled on the edge of Palace’s box but Phil Foden’s free-kick was saved brilliantly by Guaita.

Julian Alvarez was introduced just before the hour mark and made an immediate impact with a delightful turn before firing his shot over the bar.

The Argentine was at the heart of much of our creativity in the minutes that followed, almost finding Grealish with an inventive backheel before seeing a drilled shot saved well.

The crucial moment came with 15 minutes to go when Grealish and Gundogan combined for a short corner that resulted in the latter being tripped by Michael Olise.

The German burst into the box and received a pass from Grealish but his attempted turn was thwarted by the Palace winger's foul.

Haaland placed the ball on the spot and calmly sent Guaita the wrong way before sprinting over to the traveling City supporters.

He could have had a second a few minutes later but couldn’t quite get his head over a teasing Grealish cross.

Although our hosts pushed hard in the closing stages, Ederson remained untested at the final whistle as Palace registered a third consecutive match without a shot on target – an unprecedented statistic in the Premier League since records began.