City made it six wins from our last seven Premier League matches with a 4-1 comeback win over Liverpool at the Etihad Stadium.

City had all the early running, dominating possession and pinning our visitors back into their own half.

The first clear-cut chance was for skipper Ilkay Gundogan, who was picked out by Kevin De Bruyne but could only cushion his volley into Alisson’s hands.

That was followed a few minutes later by a rasping Rodrigo drive but the Brazilian goalkeeper was equal to it.

Many in the Etihad thought City had the lead from a free-kick in the 15th minute but Riyad Mahrez’s curler whistled agonizingly wide of the post.

It was Liverpool however who took the lead, with Mo Salah firing in from 15 yards after Diogo Jota had broken through City’s defense and held the ball up.

There was a brief VAR check but Jota was adjudged to have been onside earlier in the move.

We immediately took the game back to our opponents, with Mahrez striking a volley that flew over Alisson’s crossbar.

Liverpool had a huge chance in the 26th minute but it was Jack Grealish’s toe, after he had dashed half the length of the pitch, that prevented Salah from finding a team-mate.

Our No.10 turned creator moments later when his left-footed pass across the box was tapped home by Julian Alvarez.

The Blues had sliced through Liverpool’s midfield at will until that point and that was the route to the goal here, with Gundogan finding the space and supplying Grealish.

The Etihad crowd had been behind its heroes up until that point, but the goal gave everyone a lift.

A midfield battle ensued in the run-up to the half-time whistle, reminiscent of many of the title-deciding tussles between the teams in recent seasons.

That wasn’t the case in the second half though, with De Bruyne’s finish for City's second crossing the line just 54 seconds after the restart.

Alvarez had started the move, releasing Mahrez down the right.

The Algerian raced on to the pass and hit a right-footed cross that beat the diving Alisson but was perfect for De Bruyne to tap into the empty net.

Our dream start to the second half continued in the 53rd minute when Gundogan’s calm head in a crowded box appeared to give him all the time in the world to add the third.

The chance had come about after more excellent play between Mahrez and Alvarez, this time with the winger feeding the forward before his shot was blocked into the path of Gundogan.

As the clock crept towards the hour mark, another sweeping move from right to left ended with Grealish bending an effort around Trent Alexander-Arnold only to see Alisson fly across his goal and tip wide.

Jurgen Klopp tried everything to get his side back in the game, making a quadruple substitution with 20 minutes remaining.

It didn’t work though and only left his side more susceptible to City’s movement, as evidenced by Grealish’s placed finish in the 73rd minute.

De Bruyne released down the left, lifted his head, and saw the winger cutting inside. He fed him perfectly so that only one touch was required for our England man to beat Alisson.

It was party time for the Etihad Stadium from that moment, with every pass cheered and Man of the Match Grealish given a standing ovation when replaced in the closing stages.