City saw off Bournemouth 4-1 at the Vitality Stadium - on a day of milestones.

City has been guilty of not taking our chances in the past few games – but that certainly wasn’t the case on the south coast.

Pep Guardiola’s men dominated proceedings and got their rewards, too.

The effort and endeavor on the show were there from the off, a second-minute corner from Foden narrowly evading the lurking Rodri at the back post.

Rodri, a powerful presence in the middle of the park once again, tried his luck from 35 yards out on seven minutes but the effort flew over Neto’s bar.

Foden, a constant menace, was crowded out on 11 minutes as he looked to get a shot off in the box following impressive build-up play from Jack Grealish and Rodri, once again.

Neto did well to claim the ball with Haaland bearing down on him 13 minutes after an arrowed ball over the top of the Cherries' defense freed the striker.

Alvarez recalled to the side, and opened the scoring on 15 minutes – and he should thank Rico Lewis for his work in the build-up.

The right-back, who excelled in the central ground too, won the ball in the middle to start a move that eventually saw Gundogan play the ball to Foden who cushioned it to Haaland.

The striker smashed it against the bar and it then fell perfectly to Alvarez who prodded home for his fifth Premier League goal of the season – and his 10th in all competitions.

Ruben Dias headed marginally wide on 21 minutes with an effort from a Foden corner on the left.

Pep Guardiola hailed Bournemouth as ‘intense’ in his pre-match press conference and it’s fair to say that the hosts didn’t crumble after the goal.

Jordan Zemura’s cross-cum-shot from the left on 23 minutes was well gathered by the alert Ederson and three minutes later, referee Paul Tierney waved away appeals as Dominic Solanke claimed a penalty for a push in the box.

But City doubled our advantage as Haaland made no mistake in 29 minutes, firing home after a clever pass across the box to him by Foden, who had been played through himself by captain Gundogan.

The Cherries came back again, though - Lerma blasting high and handsome from 30 yards on 32 minutes, Jack Stephens having a fierce 30-yard drive headed over the bar by the reliable Ruben Dias on 37 minutes and Ederson doing well to palm away a Hamed Traore effort close to the byline moments later.

City put ourselves even more in control on the stroke of half-time, Foden finishing with aplomb after being put through by an errant Billing pass across the pitch to make it 0-3 at the break.

Guardiola’s men swarmed all over the Cherries at the start of the second half and it was 0-4 in 50 minutes, Alvarez firing a shot against defender Mepham and past goalkeeper Neto from close range after a spot of pinball in the box.

City made two substitutes in 55 minutes, Kalvin Phillips and Sergio Gomez replacing Rodri and Gundogan as Guardiola freshened things up following an intense spell of games and traveling.

Foden and Alvarez, at the heart of everything for the visitors, played an intricate one-two in the box on the hour mark and it popped up for former Cherry Nathan Ake on the edge of the box. He hit it strongly toward the goal but it was held by Neto.

There were another couple of changes on 71 minutes, Riyad Mahrez and Maximo Perrone – for his City debut - replacing Grealish and Haaland.

Gomez, an earlier substitute, almost scored his first goal for City a minute later but his 25-yard strike from the left channel cannoned over the bar.

Ake received a fine ovation from home and away supporters alike as he came off for Kyle Walker on 80 minutes.

Moments later, Lewis eyed his first Premier League goal as he looked to slot home inside the box but the ball cannoned away from danger.

Lerma gave the home fans something to cheer on 83 minutes as he reduced arrears, blasting past Ederson in the box.

Jaidon Anthony fired just wide on 90 minutes but, after three added minutes, City collected a very comfortable and happy three points.