Goals from Phil Foden and Bernardo Silva gave City a deserved but hard-earned 2-0 win over Newcastle United at the Etihad.

The opening 15 minutes or so passed largely without incident other than an Ilkay Gundogan header that looped just over.

Newcastle was compact, organized, and looked like a threat going forward, but it was City who struck first with a goal in 17 minutes that nearly lifted the roof off the Etihad.

Moving forward with purpose, Rodrigo picked out Foden on the right flank - Foden immediately burst toward the goal, cutting inside and then drifting past a group of static Newcastle defenders before firing a shot past Nick Pope to make it 1-0.

It was further evidence that Foden is back to his very best and also his fourth goal in three games.

Moments later, Sean Longstaff had the chance to immediately level as he shaped up to shoot from six yards out but was denied by a superb block by Nathan Ake.

It was proving to be a feisty encounter, with the referee allowing a number of ‘enthusiastic’ challenges to go unpunished for both teams.

Erling Haaland endured a frustrating first half, closely marked by a number of defenders, he was limited to a couple of half-chances, one being a far post header that just dropped wide.

The game was proving to be a scrappy affair at the time, littered with stoppages and a number of misplaced passes – City needed a second goal and on 67 minutes it finally came.

Bernardo had replaced De Bruyne just two minutes earlier when Grealish drove towards the box, and was dispossessed by Kieran Tripper, but the ball moved on to Haaland who in turn fed Bernardo on the edge of the box and though slightly off balance, he still managed to curl a shot past Nick Pope to make it 2-0.

It was perfect timing by the Portuguese and came at a time Newcastle was looking increasingly dangerous.

City comfortably saw out the time that remained to secure an impressive and crucial three points against a team who have lost just three Premier League games all season.